day after day after day these stocks
continue to rise the question is why you
came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you look at
this chart here it is quite impressive
you can see the Fang stocks have risen
practically unfazed over the past two
years so we have to ask the question why
is this happening because we know it's
not the entire sector that is fact I've
covered here on the channel before I've
shown you the proof central banks have
been printing money they've been buying
the shares we know that and when you
look at this compared to the financial
crisis that we had a few years ago now
what we had was a time in which fewer
and fewer opportunities were available
and so the money that wanted to go
somewhere ended up all flowing into one
thing and it was technology that was the
last of all the same thing may happen
this time we can definitely see that it
is receiving a lot of the funding that's
for sure
so let's take a deeper look at the F in
Fang Facebook this chart looks even
better than the Fang overall and the
over the last five years it has done
incredibly well so do we draw this
dotted line in the same direction
perhaps certainly could now we're at
about 170 at the time of this recording
but what about Zuckerberg well the fifth
richest person in the world
plans to sell as much as 18% of his
Facebook stock during the next
eighteen months it's a fact he doesn't
need the money
he really doesn't need this money he has
a lot of it maybe maybe he's going to
essentially take profits from what he
has he says he wants to use it for the
whole philanthropic causes you know I
having a difference of opinion but
anyway I think that he could be taking
the profit sharing he would know before
anything's going to happen and if he
does actually sell I think it's bad news
usually they tend to buy more at least
the company engages in stock buybacks
when they want to secure everything I
think that this is could be a warning
sign although it's too early to tell he
owns a lot he's claiming that he wants
to sell off and give the money to others
we'll see if he actually does that it
will be a nearly thirteen billion dollar
giveaway so we'll see what happens there
I don't trust this guy for a minute but
anyway looking at Apple Apple's take a
you know a little turn for the worse
here September has been a tough month
for Apple everything that happened with
the iPhone they first they said it was
going to be delays then nobody was lined
up for the new iPhone so they've had
been into some trouble but the fank
stocks in general
see there's diversification which you
shouldn't need but in this world all you
would have needed was for stocks you
bought for stocks and you would have
done very well perhaps still continuing
who knows leveraged loans are back on
pace to top the pre-financial crisis
records how many times
have you heard me say this I'm a broken
record things have surpassed the
financial crisis because we are in the
financial crisis part two everyone asks
me when is it going to happen we are
aided already if you exclude the stock
market suddenly we get a very very
different picture all right volume of
leveraged loans is up 53% this year
let's look at these charts total
leveraged loan in issuance year-to-date
what I noticed here is that since the
financial crisis it's been escalating
and comparing there
all I know is that whenever we exceed
what has happened within the financial
crisis we just tack it on we pile it on
and I can tell you right now that this
isn't a good thing there's leverage
being users margin being used and it's
being done so so relaxed it's no problem
give them more mortgages just lower the
interest rates give them to the cheapest
rate possible let them take a home
equity line of credit let them take a
second mortgage let them do whatever
they want because everything is going to
be just fine well I'm here to tell you
that it's not I'm your wake up call and
somebody has to say it's because you're
not gonna get it in the financial media
that's for sure
all right then we look at what's
happening in San Juan Puerto Rico and
what the reason I wanted to mention this
not to talk about you know the news
essentially but cash only their systems
went down and cash became the only game
in town so while I'm not a fan of
currencies in an emergency situation
cash is very important so having some on
hand may be valuable I'm not telling you
what to do I'm just saying
emergency situation this is what
happened
it was valuable that's all all right
varus whele a sad story usually is in
Venice whether there were teachers and
doctors to buy more food they had to
sell their bodies so I feel terrible
about this reading about it I don't know
it's you know it may be just a small
percentage of people but even that is
just sad it's sad to see what's
happening there they're just one country
and that's all all right if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up you can obviously hear from my
voice I'm a little under the weather but
that doesn't stop me more videos to come
if you found the video informative I
know you'll find my books the money GPS
and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative links are
in the description below you can check
out my videos on steam it I'm on vid me
there's all sorts of links in the
description take care